MIT License with an additional restriction prohibiting distribution on
specific websites

Copyright (c) 2025 SummerFleur

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Additional Clause: Restriction on Specific Distribution Platforms

Notwithstanding the broad permissions granted by the MIT License herein, the 
copyright holder imposes the following additional restriction on any 
Derivative Work (as defined below) that incorporates the source code of this 
software mod ("Original Work"):

1. Restriction. You are expressly prohibited from distributing, publishing, 
or otherwise making available any Derivative Work on the website known as 
"玩家动力" (currently accessible at https://www.wanjiadongli.com), or any of 
its subdomains or successor domains, herein referred to as the "玩家动力".

2. Definition of Derivative Work. For the purposes of this clause, a 
"Derivative Work" shall mean any work that is based upon, derived from, or 
incorporates all or part of the Original Work, in source code or object code 
form.

3. **Scope**. This restriction applies only to the distribution of Derivative 
Works and is limited to the aforementioned "玩家动力". Distribution through any 
other channel, platform, or website remains governed solely by the terms of 
the MIT License. This restriction does not apply to the distribution of the 
Original Work in its original, unmodified form.

4. Written Waiver. The copyright holder may, at their sole discretion, grant 
a written waiver to this restriction for a specific Derivative Work. Requests 
for such a waiver must be directed to summerfleur@qq.com.

5. Severability. If any provision of this additional restriction is held to be 
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the 
remaining provisions of the entire license (including the core MIT License) 
shall remain in full force and effect to the maximum extent permitted by law.

This additional clause is an integral part of the licensing terms governing 
the use of the Original Work.